README.md, before:

# provisioning

Ansible provisioning scripts for my machines

## Usage

Simply clone the repository and run the convenience script to configure a
desktop system:

```shell
./desktop.sh
```

If not already installed, the convenience script installs Ansible using `apt`
before runing the playbook. The script passes any arguments to
`ansible-playbook`.

## Features

Currently, the included playbook sets [MATE desktop
environment](http://mate-desktop.com/) preferences.

## License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

See [`LICENSE`](/LICENSE) for the full license text.

Commit message:

Add packages role
- Prompt for the sudo password when invoking ansible-playbook
- Install a basic set of packages using apt
- If any packages are installed, show the apt output using the debug
  module
- Include dconf-cli installation in the list of packages, and add the
  packages role as a dependency to the mate-preferences role instead of
  installing dconf-cli in mate-preferences

README.md, after:

# provisioning

Ansible provisioning scripts for my machines

## Usage

Simply clone the repository and run the convenience script to configure a
desktop system:

```shell
./desktop.sh
```

If not already installed, the convenience script installs Ansible using `apt`
before runing the playbook. The script passes any arguments to
`ansible-playbook`.

## Features

Currently, the included playbook installs packages using `apt` and sets [MATE
desktop environment](http://mate-desktop.com/) preferences.

## License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

See [`LICENSE`](/LICENSE) for the full license text.
